>> Jen Kramer: So first thing to do when
you're working with this is to take a look
at the structure of your HTML.
So you'll know exactly what kind of
selectors you're going to need to form.
And so one of the things that I did for
you here is I put an ID of the inside
on the body tag here, okay?
So that you have a little handle.
It could very well be that you wind
up with articles in the sides,
other places and other documents.
But this happens to be the one
associated with the inside page, right?
So when you scroll down
to the main content,
you see we have our main tag again.
We have an article.
There's the article.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
We have on the side tends what
people are saying about the book,
there's our side, okay?
And so that's what we have to work with.
Our main tag is going to be what?
The main tag becomes what?
>> Speaker 2: Flex box.
>> Jen Kramer: Our flex container,
yeah, the parent.
And then the article and
the aside become what?
>> Speaker 2: The items.
>> Jen Kramer: They're the flex items,
right, the children.
So then we can go ahead over here and
write our CSS right here.
Do I need to change
anything with main here?
This very first main.
Do I need to change anything?
>> Jen Kramer: Nope.
That's exactly what we need, right?
And then down here,
in our big logic statement here,
what do we just need to do?
Add inside article and inside aside.
That's all we need to do, okay?
And then down here when we
get to the media queries,
what we need to do is figure out
what we're going to do for widths.
This is what I did.
I just worked with the columns that
I had in each of those dimensions.
I decided I would just
stay with those columns.
You could have changed the number
of columns that you had for
the inside pages if you wanted to.
That would certainly be one
way to approach the solution.
But I just said, well, we're working
with 11, how about 7 and 4, okay?
And then when we got down to 950 and
we're at 14,
then I said, okay, how about 10 and 4?
And then when I got down here to 1,200
pixels, I said, well, how about 12 and 4?
And technically speaking, I've repeated
myself over and over again for
the inside aside.
But again, for documentary purposes, that
sort of helps you understand the math and
how it's all fitting together, okay?
So that's how I put together my answer.
Your answer may be different.
You may have had different
numbers of columns.
I would be cool with that as
long as proportionally speaking,
the page looks right.
A fat area for your content,
a skinny area for your article.